			  "What’s Our Take? - Your gang wants a bigger cut of this score. -1 or -2 Coin on this score's Payoff."

                    "Walls Have Ears - Word gets out to a faction your crew is friendly with that you did a job against their ally if the Heat for
                    this score is 2 or more."

                    "Hunter or Hunted - So intent on tailing your mark, you fail to notice you yourself are followed by a rival."

                    "All Or Nothing - If the danger comes to pass you cannot resist it."

                    "Now Or Never - If you don’t overcome the obstacle entirely, you must abandon it forever."

                    "Quelle Horreur! - You’re in for some sleepless nights. -1d on the next long-term project clock roll."

                    "Lay Out - You're gonna find yourself face-down or flat on your ass, no matter what else the outcome."

                    "Leave Yourself Open - In the face of the danger at hand, you make a bolder move and expose yourself on doing so, you'll be in
                    a lower position from now on."

                    "SMASH - whatever you're using for this, it's broken, shattered, ruined. And it probably makes a bit of noise."

                    "Ghostly attraction - Your activities attract ghosts or other things..."

                    "Hell hath no fury like a lover spurned... It's love at first sight. Your mark is besotted, you can do no wrong other than
                    ignore them and become romantically stalked."

                    "Bombs away - Things flung by rooftop revellers attract unwanted attention to your activities, making things loud & chaotic. +4
                    Heat for this score."

                    "Once more unto the breach - No one trusts your judgement.For the rest of the score, no one can Assist you anymore."

                    "Sign here - Accept the next devil's bargain or suffer -1D."

                    "Falling or stalling - The floor beneath you cracks to the brink of collapse. Any action now is desperate."

                    "Hot or not - Something you wear is on fire."

                    "Bold or old - A thin needle pierces your flesh. Start a 4 part clock. Tick it with every action's consequence of that player.
                    When it fills, the poison slams you (level 3 harm)."

                    "Player or played - You are a pawn in a bigger play. Next downtime an NPC faction takes extra advances to their project clocks."

                    "Compromised - You show weakness to your fellow players. Divulge a vulnerability, reveal a dark truth, or show you have
                    conflicting interests. "

                    "Sow Doubt - You show weakness to your fellow players. The GM chooses if you divulge a vulnerability, reveal a dark truth,
                    or show you have conflicting interests. "

                    "Going down - Start a 4-part clock, when it fills The room/place you're in is becoming on fire/covered with toxic
                    smoke/flooded/etc."

                    "Didn't see that coming - One of the PCs can't swim/is afraid of heights/etc."

                    "Raining or pouring - The stars are aligned. Roll for another entanglement next development roll."

                    "Thrice or nice - You’ve uttered a demon’s true name thrice since the last tide. Oops. You feel it’s presence pressing..."

                    "Ash - Your appetite is ruined. Next vice roll only clears half stress."

                    "Red pill or blue - You don't see bodies, only the spirits within. Till your next downtime, you can’t distinguish between
                    souls, undead, ghosts, spirits, or shadows. The hollows are nothing to you."

                    "Or else - A faction got wind of your plan and warned against it. Countdown 4 till their assault teams hit."

                    "Men or omen - You dreamed this would happen. Take double stress for the next negative effect you resist."

                    "Magic or magnets - Someone (built like Arnie) throws the table on your plan. Your plan is now Assault. What's your point of
                    attack?"

                    "Divided or conquered - Your point breaks and the team is scattered. Each player makes a clock for this obstacle or danger. The
                    crew can't use Teamwork till each PC fills their clock."

                    "Locked up or out - The main entrance to your crew's lair is blocked. Now getting in is a score in itself."

                    "One for all or all for one - Tell us who you're really working for. If this score is completed and a success, the Development
                    roll gains 1 coin less for the crew. Add that coin to your **secret** stash."

                    "Planned to fail or failed to plan - You're not even following Plan B anymore. For the rest of the score, PC flashbacks cost 1
                    "extra stress."

                    "Snap it's a trap - Someone you told about the plan has betrayed you completely. It's all a trap. You succeed at this score now
                    if you escape and get revenge. What's your plan?"

                    "Heat it or beat it - One obstacle or danger you face is bigger, badder, or smarter than you planned for. Add 4 segments to its
                    clock."

                    "The Cleaner (Murder or Mayhem) - All those bodies you're racking up? Someone's gotta clean up the mess. The cleaner has
                    discovered one of your secrets, what is it? You're not so hidden anymore. They definitely will blackmail you over it."

                    "Snake in the Grass - one of your roster is selling you out to a rival faction. You know Who…. whomever has the most stress
                    after a 6-segment countdown, names the traitor. Tell us and lower your crew's hold by one."

                    "Highest Bidder - Another faction offers you a lucrative favor if you sell out a friend or ally (significant NPC or friendly
                    faction) in a significant betrayal."

                    "Siren Song - After this action concludes (or at the first opportunity) you must subordinate or abandon the plan to satisfy
                    your vice."

                    "Why’d it have to be snakes? - During this action you discover, develop, or reveal a character weakness or phobia that will
                    hinder you in similar situations in the future. Tell us the details and origin of this flaw."

                    "In the family way - While you may not have expected or known until now, you are now a parent; Congratulations! Enjoy your new
                    responsibilities while pulling scores."

                    "Crossfire - You are mixed up in the middle of a bitter conflict between two parties that are unaffiliated with the present
                    score. (Wait, are you sure they are unaffiliated?)"

                    "Dissent - One or more of the crew’s gangs begin grumbling and disrespecting you behind your back. Have you ever considered a
                    mutiny in the crew?"

                    "Blood Runs Thicker than Blade - A key victim of your score turns out to be close kin. Your intel must have missed that. Are
                    you able to follow through with the plan? Will you allow your crew to do so? What will the rest of the family think?"

                    "A cold shiver - That faction you thought you could trust? They help but then pull the pin. Lose one hold over them."